c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\Background.png
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\MysteriousMath.dll
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\MysteriousMath.pdb
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\MysteriousMath.xap
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\About.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\ArmstrongNumber.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\GenerateArmstrong.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\Index.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\MysteriousMath.g.resources
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\MysteriousMath.dll
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\MysteriousMath.pdb
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\ArmstrongFind.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\ArmstrongHelp.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\PerfectFind.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\PerfectGenerate.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\PerfectHelp.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\PerfectNumber.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\KaprekarFind.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\KaprekarGenerate.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\KaprekarHelp.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\KaprekarNumber.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\RamanujamFind.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\RamanujamGenerate.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\RamanujamHelp.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\RamanujamNumber.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\AmicableFind.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\AmicableGenerate.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\AmicableHelp.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\obj\Release\AmicableNumber.g.i.cs
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\math_173.png
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\math_200.png
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\math_65.png
c:\users\balaji\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MysteriousMath\MysteriousMath\Bin\Release\math_99.png
